docs: add information regarding session and organization security settings (#1223)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/collaboration/organization_account/setup.md

---

> Once you have created your organization, you can customize it. Under the **Account** tab, you can set the organization's email address, username, security, or delete the account. The **Members** tab allows you to update your organization's members and set its owner.
> 
> In the **Account** tab's **Security** section, you can impose security requirements on organization members, such as their maximum session lifespan or whether they are required to turn on two-factor authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating your organization, you can configure its settings. The **Account** tab, allows you to: 

- Set the organization's email address
- Change the username
- Configure security settings
- Delete the account.

The **Members** tab e;ts you to update your organization's members and set its owner.

In the **Account** tab's **Security** section, you can set security requirements for organization members. These include:

- Maximum session lifespan
- Two-factor authentication requirement
```
